# Stargirl-and-Moonboy-Game

StarGirl and MoonBoy have crash landed into our solar system! They must work together to reach their spaceships and return home using a series of platforms, levers, and other tools – all while avoiding the deadly space invaders. StarGirl can shoot projectiles to kill enemies and MoonBoy can shield enemy bullets, but if they get hit first, they’ll die! Can you help StarGirl and MoonBoy get back home safely?

The game includes a series of three distinct levels, each mirroring the theme of a planet. StarGirl and MoonBoy (both sprites) will begin at the bottom left corner of the screen and must work together to utilize obstacles and avoid enemy projectiles in order to reach their spaceships at the top. Once they both safely reach the spaceships at the top of the screen they’ll shoot off into the sky and advance to the next level. If either StarGirl or MoonBoy die (by being hit by a space invader) both players lose but they will have the opportunity to replay the level. The goal of each level is to reach their spaceships while collecting all of the gems in as short of a time as possible. Their score (analogous to points but specific to each level) will be maximized by collecting all of the gems and completing the level quickly. The game will be two-player on the same keyboard. MoonBoy will be controlled by left, right, up, and down arrow keys (left/right/up to move, down to defend) and StarGirl will be controlled by W, A, S and D arrow keys (W/A/D to move, S to shoot). Our game incorporates the physics engine by including a series of collisions (destructive collisions for StarGirl’s star projectiles and the space invader’s enemy projectiles and physics collisions for MoonBoy’s defense) and forces (Newtonian gravity for each level). 
